The design of weapon was in lowpoly style and we have a good rationale for the design.
- The sytle of the design is futuristic overall and lowpoly design fits in the game.
- Using lowpoly design, we are able to build three-dimensional objects by two dimensional materials like paper by folding them. In this way, we are able to put whatever electronics and PCB boards into it without destroying the idea of the weapon being a wand.

The design was generated by sketching, modelling and finally drawings.
The tools used were Illustrator, Rhino and special thanks to Clement, whose tools helped with generating joints for the design.

As for the prototyping, We laser cut (using Epilog Mini Laser Cutter) the design using chipboard.

For the materials, we hesitated between plastic, yupo paper, chipboard as well as metal. Eventually, due to cost, the feasibility of laser cutting as well as the imagined final demonstration, we decided to have black chipboards serving as surfaces.

The output of laser film printer appears some errors because of mechanical manufacture and different settings of power and speed. The drawings were drawn in both AutoCAD and Illustrator. Dimensions in drawings were decided by both measurements and repetitive trail and error.

A challenge we encountered was to fit in the PCB boards and placing buttons, electronics at the right position, which wasted a lot of trails and time.

Deciding settings of power and speed was another challenge for us. Although each material corresponds to its suggested settings, materials produced by different manufacturers perform differently under the same setting. We kept adjusting the settings to cut through acrylic sheets but at the same time prevent it from melting and blackening. The final prototype was actually our fifth version of printing..
